#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --extra=dev --extra=gui --extra=nb --no-emit-trusted-host --output-file=requirements.txt pyproject.toml
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.5
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
anyio==4.1.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asdf==3.3.0
    # via
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   asdf-coordinates-schemas
    #   gwcs
    #   specutils
asdf-astropy==0.6.1
    # via
    #   gwcs
    #   specutils
asdf-coordinates-schemas==0.3.0
    # via
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   asdf-wcs-schemas
asdf-standard==1.1.1
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   asdf-coordinates-schemas
    #   asdf-transform-schemas
    #   asdf-wcs-schemas
asdf-transform-schemas==0.5.0
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   asdf-wcs-schemas
asdf-wcs-schemas==0.4.0
    # via gwcs
astropy==6.0.1
    # via
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   dysh (pyproject.toml)
    #   gwcs
    #   ndcube
    #   specutils
astropy-iers-data==0.2024.7.29.0.32.7
    # via astropy
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
build==1.2.1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   pip-tools
colorama==0.4.6
    # via sphinx-autobuild
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
coverage[toml]==7.6.0
    # via
    #   dysh (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest-cov
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.2
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.15.4
    # via virtualenv
fonttools==4.45.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
gwcs==0.19.0
    # via
    #   ndcube
    #   specutils
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   dysh (pyproject.toml)
    #   jupyterlab
identify==2.6.0
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.2.0
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   build
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via matplotlib
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipdb==0.13.13
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   myst-nb
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   dysh (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipdb
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   myst-nb
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbconvert
    #   qt-material
    #   sphinx
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via asdf
jplephem==2.22
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
jupyter-cache==1.0.0
    # via myst-nb
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.4
    # via
    #   dysh (pyproject.toml)
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
livereload==2.6.3
    # via sphinx-autobuild
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.9.1
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.1
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
myst-nb==1.1.1
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
myst-parser==2.0.0
    # via myst-nb
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dysh (pyproject.toml)
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   dysh (pyproject.toml)
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupyter-server
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
ndcube==2.2.2
    # via specutils
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
notebook==7.0.6
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   astropy
    #   contourpy
    #   dysh (pyproject.toml)
    #   gwcs
    #   jplephem
    #   matplotlib
    #   ndcube
    #   pandas
    #   pyerfa
    #   pyqtgraph
    #   scipy
    #   specutils
numpydoc==1.7.0
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   astropy
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   sphinx
pandas==2.2.2
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via matplotlib
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==3.8.0
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
prometheus-client==0.19.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.15.4
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pyerfa==2.0.1.1
    # via astropy
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyqt5==5.15.11
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
pyqt5-qt5==5.15.14 ; platform_system != "Windows"
    # via
    #   dysh (pyproject.toml)
    #   pyqt5
pyqt5-sip==12.15.0
    # via pyqt5
pyqtgraph==0.13.7
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   dysh (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   astropy
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupyter-events
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pre-commit
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qt-material==2.14
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
qtconsole==5.5.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
rpds-py==0.13.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   dysh (pyproject.toml)
    #   gwcs
    #   specutils
screeninfo==0.8.1
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via asdf
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   livereload
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
specutils==1.15.0
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
sphinx==7.4.7
    # via
    #   dysh (pyproject.toml)
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   numpydoc
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-autobuild
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-inline-tabs
sphinx-autobuild==2021.3.14
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
sphinx-book-theme==1.1.3
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
sphinx-inline-tabs==2023.4.21
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-mermaid==0.9.2
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via jupyter-cache
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   numpydoc
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via dysh (pyproject.toml)
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   ipdb
    #   jupyterlab
    #   numpydoc
    #   pip-tools
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   livereload
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   async-lru
    #   ipython
    #   myst-nb
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
virtualenv==20.26.3
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.12
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.6.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.43.0
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.19.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
